Improve LimitRange Documentation. (#48766)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range.md

- Enforce a ratio between request and limit for a resource in a namespace.
- Set default request/limit for compute resources in a namespace and automatically inject them to Containers at runtime.

> A LimitRange is enforced in a particular namespace when there is a

Reviewer: Optional extra tweak
```suggestion
Kubernetes constrains resource allocations to Pods in a particular namespace
whenever there is at least one
```

- The administrator creates a LimitRange in a namespace.
- Users create (or try to create) objects in that namespace, such as Pods or PersistentVolumeClaims.
- First, the LimitRange admission controller applies default request and limit values for all Pods (and their containers) that do not set compute resource requirements.
- Second, the LimitRange tracks usage to ensure it does not exceed resource minimum, maximum and ratio defined in any LimitRange present in the namespace.
- If you attempt to create or update an object (Pod or PersistentVolumeClaim) that violates a LimitRange constraint,

> your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.

Author: @tengqm,
Thanks for the sharing your opinion. I updated the same.
PTAL!

> your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.

Reviewer 2: Failed to see the revision in your new commit.
The point is that we encourage indenting all lines under a bulletin (not just the first
line), so that the whole list is more readable in Markdown source.

> your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.

Author: Understood! let me update it.

> your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.

Author: @tengqm,
Updated, thanks.

- The administrator creates a LimitRange in a namespace.
- Users create (or try to create) objects in that namespace, such as Pods or PersistentVolumeClaims.

> - First, the LimitRange admission controller applies default request and limit values
> for all Pods (and their containers) that do not set compute resource requirements.
> - Second, the LimitRange tracks usage to ensure it does not exceed resource minimum,
> maximum and ratio defined in any LimitRange present in the namespace.
> - If you attempt to create or update an object (Pod or PersistentVolumeClaim) that
> violates a LimitRange constraint, your request to the API server will fail with
> an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that
> has been violated.
> - If you add a LimitRange in a namespace that applies to compute-related resources
> such as `cpu` and `memory`, you must specify requests or limits for those values.
> Otherwise, the system may reject Pod creation.
> - LimitRange validations occur only at Pod admission stage, not on running Pods.
> If you add or modify a LimitRange, the Pods that already exist in that namespace continue unchanged.
> - If two or more LimitRange objects exist in the namespace, it is not deterministic
> which default value will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First, the LimitRange admission controller applies default request and limit values
  for all Pods (and their containers) that do not set compute resource requirements.
- Second, the LimitRange tracks usage to ensure it does not exceed resource minimum,
  maximum and ratio defined in any LimitRange present in the namespace.
- If you attempt to create or update an object (Pod or PersistentVolumeClaim) that
  violates a LimitRange constraint, your request to the API server will fail with
  an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that
  has been violated.
- If you add a LimitRange in a namespace that applies to compute-related resources
  such as `cpu` and `memory`, you must specify requests or limits for those values.
  Otherwise, the system may reject Pod creation.
- LimitRange validations occur only at Pod admission stage, not on running Pods.
  If you add or modify a LimitRange, the Pods that already exist in that namespace continue unchanged.
- If two or more LimitRange objects exist in the namespace, it is not deterministic
  which default value will be applied.
```

Author: done
